README.md, before:

# Data-Centric AI

## Introduction
- This repository consists of the code for our Research Paper, titled "**Hybridization & Quantitative Comparison between Model-centric and Data-centric AI approaches**".
- We will primarily be using Kaggle for coding purposes, and we have uploaded a copy of the dataset on Kaggle for ease of access in our kernels, which can be accessed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/dataset/95840441821df30ede490fae5ba502b652d1457ca80f7b8d0f0c1212d9a260f7). 

## Methodology
- We will primarily be creating a notebook for each of our data-centric methods, and then exporting a function from each of our notebooks, which will based upon the model and dataset input to the function, apply its respective method accordingly, and give the improved dataset.
- Similarly, we will be creating a notebook for each of our model-centric methods, and then explort a function from this as well, which will return the predictions and final performance scores. 

## Authors
- Dr. Surya Prakash
- Vishesh Mittal
- Mitisha Agarwal

Commit message:

Added the basic exploration and transformation notebook, and modified the README

README.md, after:

# Data-Centric AI

## Introduction
- This repository consists of the code for our Research Paper, titled "**Hybridization & Quantitative Comparison between Model-centric and Data-centric AI approaches**".
- We will primarily be using Kaggle for coding purposes, and we have uploaded a copy of the dataset on Kaggle for ease of access in our kernels, which can be accessed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/dataset/95840441821df30ede490fae5ba502b652d1457ca80f7b8d0f0c1212d9a260f7). 

## Methodology
- We will primarily be creating a notebook for each of our data-centric methods, and then exporting a function from each of our notebooks, which will based upon the model and dataset input to the function, apply its respective method accordingly, and give the improved dataset.
- Similarly, we will be creating a notebook for each of our model-centric methods, and then explort a function from this as well, which will return the predictions and final performance scores. 

## File Descriptions
`exp_tra.ipynb` -- This `.ipynb` notebook covers the basic code of exploring the provided dataset files, and transforming them into the required `.csv` format

## Authors
- Dr. Surya Prakash
- Vishesh Mittal
- Mitisha Agarwal
